well hello everyone here we are again in
the aftermath of another terrible
inexplicable shocking and painful
tragedy this time in Las Vegas which
happens to be my hometown and cletus
hometown Cleo seniors hometown and as
you know at least 59 people are dead
hundreds of people were wounded in what
they say was the deadliest mass shooting
in modern American history coming about
a year and a half after the previous
deadliest mass shooting in modern
American history in Orlando with 49
people lost their lives and of course we
pray for the victims and for their
families and friends and we wonder why
even though there's probably no way to
ever know why a human being would do
something like this to other human
beings were at a concert having fun and
listening to music Jason Aldean was on
stage Luke combs who is here with us
tonight he played the show too and
obviously no one could have ever
expected that something terrible would
happen but it did a very sick person
smuggled 17 guns into his hotel room and
smashed off the windows started firing
indiscriminately from the 32nd floor
into a crowd of 22,000 people across the
street and as a result of that this
morning we have children without parents
and fathers without sons mothers without
daughters we lost two police officers we
lost a nurse from Tennessee a special ed
teacher from a local school here in
Manhattan Beach and it's a kind of thing
that it makes you want to throw up or
give up it's too much even process all
these devastated families do not have to
live with this pain forever because one
person with a violent and insane voice
in his head managed to stockpile a
connection of a collection of
high-powered rifles and use them to
shoot people that guy was an accountant
he had no criminal record his brother
who lives in Florida seems totally
shocked genuinely dumbfounded he said he
saw no sign of any of this the owner of
the store that sold the
some of the rifles said he passed the
government-mandated background check
when he was in the store he wasn't on
any watch list
then seemed to have been a religious or
political extremists came out of nowhere
and because of that because there
weren't any of the usual signs you know
yeah I've been reading comments when
people say this is terrible but there's
nothing we can do about it but I
disagree with that intensely because of
course there's something we can do about
it there are a lot of things we can do
about it but we don't which is
interesting because when someone with a
beard attacks us we tap phones we invoke
travel bans we build walls we take every
possible precaution to make sure it
doesn't happen again but when an
American buys a gun and kills other
Americans then there's nothing we can do
about that and Second Amendment I guess
our forefathers wanted us to have a k47
is the argument I assume orlando newtown
aurora san bernardino every one of these
shootings of murder used automatic or
semi-automatic rifles which are not
weapons you use for self-defense they're
weapons designed to kill large numbers
of people in the shortest possible
amount of time this guy reportedly had
ten of them in his room apparently
legally at least some of them were there
illegally why is that allowed I don't
know why our so-called leaders continue
it allow this to happen or maybe a
better question why do we continue to
let them to allow it to happen five
people got shot in Lawrence Kansas last
night three of them died it didn't even
make a blip because this is just a
regular part of our lives now and you
know what will happen will pray for Las
Vegas some of us will get motivated some
of us won't get motivated though bills
will be written they'll be watered down
they'll fail and our a will smother at
all with money and over time we'll get
distracted will mow on to the next thing
and then it will happen again and again
and last night the White House press
secretary Sarah Sanders said this is not
the time or actually it was today this
morning she said it was not the time for
political debate and I don't know we
have 59 innocent people dead it wasn't
their time either so I think now is the
time for political debate
President Trump is visiting Las Vegas on
Wednesday he spoke this morning said
he's praying for those who lost their
lives you know in February he also
signed a bill that made it easier for
people with severe mental illness to buy
guns legally the Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House
Paul Ryan a number of other lawmakers
who won't do anything about this because
the NRA has their balls in a money clip
also sent their thoughts and their
prayers today which is is good they
should be praying they should be praying
for God to forgive them for letting the
gun lobby lobby run this country because
it is a it's so crazy right now there
are loopholes in the law that let people
avoid background checks if they buy a
gun privately from another party if they
buy a gun online or at a gun show so I
want to show you something these are the
face of the Senators who days after the
shooting Orlando voted against the bill
that would have closed those loopholes
these are the 56 senators who didn't
want to do anything about that now 90%
of Democrats I'm not talking about
politicians here I'm talking about
people and 70 77 percent of Republicans
support background checks at gun shows
89 percent of Republicans and Democrats
are in favor of restricting gun
ownership for the mentally ill but not
this gang they voted against both of
those things so with all due respect
your thoughts and your prayers are
insufficient and by the way the House of
Representatives will be voting on a
piece of legislation this week it's a
bill to legalize the sale of silencers
for guns this is what they're working on
we have a major problem with gun
violence in this country and I guess
they don't care and if I'm wrong on that
fine do something about it because I'm
sick of it and you know I want this to
be a comedy show I hate talking about
stuff like this
I just want to you know laugh about
things every night but that it seems to
becoming increasingly difficult lately
it feels like someone has opened up a
window into hell and what I'm talking
about tonight isn't about gun control
it's about common sense common sense
says no good will ever come from
allowing a person have weapons that can
take down 527 Americans at a concert
common sense says you don't let those
who suffer from mental illness buy guns
you know in June of last year the NRA
fought to make sure people on the no-fly
list can buy guns they aren't allowed to
get on a plane they're allowed to own a
very dangerous gun who thinks that makes
sense them I guess the people who voted
with the NRA maybe I'm nuts but I would
like to think we can put politics aside
agree that no American citizen needs an
m16 or ten of them and maybe that way we
don't do this again
I mean that seems very reasonable to me
you know in in 1980 we had a big fire at
the MGM Hotel in Las Vegas it was
horrible
right I mean 85 people died you can see
the fire I was I was 13 years old I'll
never forget a man jumped out the window
it was a terrible thing to see and then
a few months later there was another
fire at the Hilton and five people died
so you know what they did they changed
the laws they made major changes to the
fire safety codes and it hasn't happened
again why would we approach this
differently it's a public safety issue
and something needs to be done already
so tell your Congress people to do
something I mean it's not enough to send
your love and prayers who do we send our
love and support and whatever else is
needed to Las Vegas and the families
from all over the country and Canada who
had the worst night of their lives last
night you know Vegas is a funny town
it's easier to forget people live there
but they do I mean lots of good people
these people showed up in droves today
to donate blood because it's the only
thing they could do and so they did it
but there is more that we could do and
we need to do it and thank God for the
police in Las Vegas who risked their
lives trying to locate the the man with
the gun thank God for the doctors and
nurses and firefighters and paramedics
who rose to the
they always seem to do what we need them
to and for the concert goers themselves
who helped each other who threw their
bodies on top of each other who drove
their private cars full of people who
are bleeding to the hospital
you know don't don't forget them and
don't forget what's going on in Puerto
Rico either because just because they're
not the lead story today they still need
help and if you want to help either one
of those cities perico's on the city
obviously but vagus or Puerto Rico a
good way to do that is to give to the
American Red Cross there's the
information right there on the screen
and we send all our love to our family
and friends in Las Vegas and to everyone
affected by this terrible event I'm
sorry for getting emotional I'm I'm not
great with this kind of thing but I just
it's important you know thanks for
watching if you liked that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares